She let the balloon float up into the air with her hopes and dreams.
She was disgusted he couldn’t tell the difference between lemonade and limeade.
It was at that moment that he learned there are certain parts of the body that you should never Nair.
She discovered van life is difficult with 2 cats and a dog.
I cheated while playing the darts tournament by using a longbow.
He excelled at firing people nicely.
Acres of almond trees lined the interstate highway which complimented the crazy driving nuts.
It's not often you find a soggy banana on the street.
The thunderous roar of the jet overhead confirmed her worst fears.
She is never happy until she finds something to be unhappy about; then, she is overjoyed.
Mary plays the piano.
Greetings from the real universe.
People who insist on picking their teeth with their elbows are so annoying!
Joe made the sugar cookies; Susan decorated them.
I ate a sock because people on the Internet told me to.
His mind was blown that there was nothing in space except space itself.
When nobody is around, the trees gossip about the people who have walked under them.
We should play with legos at camp.
The opportunity of a lifetime passed before him as he tried to decide between a cone or a cup.
Despite multiple complications and her near-death experience
The fox in the tophat whispered into the ear of the rabbit.
Douglas figured the best way to succeed was to do the opposite of what he'd been doing all his life.
Swim at your own risk was taken as a challenge for the group of Kansas City college students.
Going from child, to childish, to childlike is only a matter of time.
She learned that water bottles are no longer just to hold liquid, but they're also status symbols.
My uncle's favorite pastime was building cars out of noodles.
Shakespeare was a famous 17th-century diesel mechanic.
He said he was not there yesterday; however, many people saw him there.
I received a heavy fine but it failed to crush my spirit.
The lake is a long way from here.
The book is in front of the table.
On a scale from one to ten, what's your favorite flavor of random grammar?
There are few things better in life than a slice of pie.
I was starting to worry that my pet turtle could tell what I was thinking.
In the end, he realized he could see sound and hear words.
I'm worried by the fact that my daughter looks to the local carpet seller as a role model.
All she wanted was the answer, but she had no idea how much she would hate it.
As the years pass by, we all know owners look more and more like their dogs.
He didn’t want to go to the dentist, yet he went anyway.
They finished building the road they knew no one would ever use.
A quiet house is nice until you are ordered to stay in it for months.
We're careful about orange ping pong balls because people might think they're fruit.
Watching the geriatric men’s softball team brought back memories of 3 yr olds playing t-ball.
His son quipped that power bars were nothing more than adult candy bars.
Malls are great places to shop; I can find everything I need under one roof.
The tumbleweed refused to tumble but was more than willing to prance.
100 years old is such a young age if you happen to be a bristlecone pine.
You have every right to be angry, but that doesn't give you the right to be mean.
Each person who knows you has a different perception of who you are.
Being unacquainted with the chief raccoon was harming his prospects for promotion.
I always dreamed about being stranded on a desert island until it actually happened.
The spa attendant applied the deep cleaning mask to the gentleman’s back.
It must be easy to commit crimes as a snake because you don't have to worry about leaving fingerprints.
Green should have smelled more tranquil, but somehow it just tasted rotten.
She wrote him a long letter, but he didn't read it.
In that instant, everything changed.
The book is in front of the table.
I want more detailed information.
His confidence would have bee admirable if it wasn't for his stupidity.
His mind was blown that there was nothing in space except space itself.
She was disgusted he couldn’t tell the difference between lemonade and limeade.
Nothing is as cautiously cuddly as a pet porcupine.
The beach was crowded with snow leopards.
His ultimate dream fantasy consisted of being content and sleeping eight hours in a row.
I was fishing for compliments and accidentally caught a trout.
He wondered if she would appreciate his toenail collection.
A dead duck doesn't fly backward.
The complicated school homework left the parents trying to help their kids quite confused.
Today arrived with a crash of my car through the garage door.
Even with the snow falling outside, she felt it appropriate to wear her bikini.
Check back tomorrow; I will see if the book has arrived.
He would only survive if he kept the fire going and he could hear thunder in the distance.
As you consider all the possible ways to improve yourself and the world, you notice John Travolta seems fairly unhappy.
He decided to count all the sand on the beach as a hobby.
He didn't understand why the bird wanted to ride the bicycle.
He picked up trash in his spare time to dump in his neighbor's yard.
One small action would change her life, but whether it would be for better or for worse was yet to be determined.
She looked into the mirror and saw another person.
He dreamed of leaving his law firm to open a portable dog wash.
It was difficult for Mary to admit that most of her workout consisted of exercising poor judgment.
The near-death experience brought new ideas to light.
Never underestimate the willingness of the greedy to throw you under the bus.
She had that tint of craziness in her soul that made her believe she could actually make a difference.
Sixty-Four comes asking for bread.
I think I will buy the red car, or I will lease the blue one.
He colored deep space a soft yellow.
Joe discovered that traffic cones make excellent megaphones.
They looked up at the sky and saw a million stars.
Nothing seemed out of place except the washing machine in the bar.
She had a difficult time owning up to her own crazy self.
The group quickly understood that toxic waste was the most effective barrier to use against the zombies.
The small white buoys marked the location of hundreds of crab pots.
The secret code they created made no sense, even to them.
She was the type of girl that always burnt sugar to show she cared.
As he waited for the shower to warm, he noticed that he could hear water change temperature.
Courage and stupidity were all he had.
The hawk didn’t understand why the ground squirrels didn’t want to be his friend.
They say that dogs are man's best friend, but this cat was setting out to sabotage that theory.
The blinking lights of the antenna tower came into focus just as I heard a loud snap.
Thigh-high in the water, the fisherman’s hope for dinner soon turned to despair.
Pat ordered a ghost pepper pie.
He set out for a short walk, but now all he could see were mangroves and water were for miles.
She cried diamonds.
She couldn't decide of the glass was half empty or half full so she drank it.
Sarah ran from the serial killer holding a jug of milk.
It was always dangerous to drive with him since he insisted the safety cones were a slalom course.
25 years later, she still regretted that specific moment.
I had a friend in high school named Rick Shaw, but he was fairly useless as a mode of transport.
Garlic ice-cream was her favorite.
The hummingbird's wings blurred while it eagerly sipped the sugar water from the feeder.
The golden retriever loved the fireworks each Fourth of July.
Kevin embraced his ability to be at the wrong place at the wrong time.
The glacier came alive as the climbers hiked closer.
It took me too long to realize that the ceiling hadn't been painted to look like the sky.
The father died during childbirth.
They ran around the corner to find that they had traveled back in time.
Combines are no longer just for farms.
There were three sphered rocks congregating in a cubed room.
He learned the important lesson that a picnic at the beach on a windy day is a bad idea.
He ran out of money, so he had to stop playing poker.
She borrowed the book from him many years ago and hasn't yet returned it.
The external scars tell only part of the story.
He used to get confused between soldiers and shoulders, but as a military man, he now soldiers responsibility.
He hated that he loved what she hated about hate.
The group quickly understood that toxic waste was the most effective barrier to use against the zombies.
They finished building the road they knew no one would ever use.
If eating three-egg omelets causes weight-gain, budgie eggs are a good substitute.
The bread dough reminded her of Santa Clause’s belly.
She was too short to see over the fence.
He embraced his new life as an eggplant.
Today we gathered moss for my uncle's wedding.
The sudden rainstorm washed crocodiles into the ocean.
So long and thanks for the fish.
100 years old is such a young age if you happen to be a bristlecone pine.
The doll spun around in circles in hopes of coming alive.
My biggest joy is roasting almonds while stalking prey.
She tilted her head back and let whip cream stream into her mouth while taking a bath.
The chic gangster liked to start the day with a pink scarf.
Situps are a terrible way to end your day.
More RVs were seen in the storage lot than at the campground.
He played the game as if his life depended on it and the truth was that it did.
A glittering gem is not enough.
When he asked her favorite number, she answered without hesitation that it was diamonds.
He dreamed of eating green apples with worms.
You're good at English when you know the difference between a man eating chicken and a man-eating chicken.
Buried deep in the snow, he hoped his batteries were fresh in his avalanche beacon.
They called out her name time and again, but were met with nothing but silence.
Toddlers feeding raccoons surprised even the seasoned park ranger.
She was only made the society president because she can whistle with her toes.
The wake behind the boat told of the past while the open sea for told life in the unknown future.